And here, folks here are welcome.
tech news and last year's Christmas
smooth squash group attacked the psn and
good
to xbox live who is trying to play in this
day failed and they used
routers to do this
attack happened the following
many people do not change the username and password
routers' pattern so dry the
router
it comes with the default user and password
so it is very easy to invade this
router
this way the group could invade
thousands of routers is using the password
the good boss user is there the music tip
password and user account of your router and a
video of a guy is doing very
success on youtube
why he bought a very expensive drone and
with the whole day playing with Tony
thing that anyone would do ferraz
buy a chronic s
Until then, the only problem is that the
Tony ran out of battery and of course the
fall but the speed that are falling
until it was slow then it would not break the
the problem is that under the
today it was had a small pond
Thousand throne and falling into this water the reaction
I think it would look like
many people he tried to save the throne
threw himself into the water and got
instant
who want to see the full video the link
will be in the description with this was the
technician suffers a big hug here
and until the next technical mills
if youtube
it's worth knowing the solar network
injury seems a contract in Portuguese a
support in Portuguese as well as a
minimum payment of $ 1 or whatever
your channel made only a dollar in that
month
in the other month you receive that one dollar
anyone who wants more information
the link is in the description